Include miniforge as a means to get conda. (#370)
jupyter/jupyter.github.io: install.md

If installing using `pip install --user`, you must add the user-level `bin` directory to your `PATH` environment variable in order to launch `jupyter lab`.

> ## Getting started with the Classic Notebook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting started with the classic Jupyter Notebook
```
"classic" I think is always an adjective, not actually part of the title, as it is used below.

### conda

> We recommend installing the notebook using the conda package manager. The [miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) and [miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/) distributions include a minimal conda installation.

Reviewer: Slightly adjusting wording to help a new user understand they don't have to install both miniforge and miniconda:
```suggestion
We recommend installing the classic Jupyter Notebook using the conda package manager. Either the [miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) or the [miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/) conda distributions include a minimal conda installation.
```
